Speaker 2 | 00:33
There is. Matt. Matt.
Matt Shankle | 00:35
Hey, Doug, how are you?
Speaker 2 | 00:35
Hey, I'm doing great. Good afternoon. Hey Matt, great to meet you here online again. I just want to say a big thanks for rescheduling this. Sorry I had to do that last second, but appreciate it.
Matt Shankle | 00:46
Last second, but yeah, absolutely no worries, Doug, I'm glad you are. Are you feeling better?
Speaker 2 | 00:53
I am tremendously better.
Shortly after I sent you that, about three hours later, my temperature went to 103 degrees.
Matt Shankle | 00:59
My temperature went to a hundred and three degrees, so I was rolling around on the floor.
Speaker 2 | 01:01
So I was rolling around on the floor moaning and complaining about, you know, how bad my life is for a few hours, you know, only to then, like, have my fever break and then be like, yeah, maybe I can stop being a baby and realize my life, realize how great I how my life is and how blessed I am.
Matt Shankle | 01:03
Moan.
Speaker 2 | 01:16
But yeah, I got right after we rescheduled, I got like really sick.
Matt Shankle | 01:22
Well, I'm glad you're on the bed. Is that a South Carolina on the chest there? Is that right?
Speaker 2 | 01:28
Yeah, that's a that was courtesy of yeah, everybody always asks about that. That was a courtesy of a really good friend of mine.
Matt Shankle | 01:34
My... Runs a company in Wisconsin, and so they bring me in to do on my side meetings if you will, to do friend personally, but usually bring things to the corporate directors sector.
Speaker 2 | 01:34
Runs a company in Wisconsin, and so they bring me in to do on my. One of my side gigs, if you will. I do it for him personally, but he usually brings me to their annual corporate retreat with their board of directors and their whole co-level. They always want me to come in and do a little consultation with them.
My whole background is the private sector.
Matt Shankle | 01:54
So the private sector and we're a number of different organizations, some large e-commerce businesses around the market digital advertising company, and so yeah, this is a nice track with Matthew.
Speaker 2 | 01:55
So I spent about 30 years in the private sector and ran a number of different organizations, some large e commerce businesses, ran my own marketing digital advertising company.
And so yeah, so this is this was courtesy of him. I made him buy me a nice Travis Matthew. Pull over and, you know, and fly me down and feed me really well for, you know, couple of days. Give me a nice little stipend.
Matt Shankle | 02:16
Well, I'll be headed that direction this evening.
I'll be just north of South Carolina, so I'll be right on the border in North Carolina and South Carolina.
Speaker 2 | 02:20
Where are you going?
Matt Shankle | 02:26
We go to a beach called Ocean Isle Beach in North Carolina.
Speaker 2 | 02:29
Nice.
Matt Shankle | 02:30
Yes. So we'll be driving down there late tonight.
Then we'll be there for the week. I love it down there.
Speaker 2 | 02:39
Yeah, I love Charleston. We actually my wife and I actually, I semi retired for a while, or I tried it. It didn't fit me very well. It didn't fit me very well, but we've been dying to write a book together, so I was like, Fine.
So we moved down to Anderson, South Carolina. I don't know if you know Lake Hartwell.
Matt Shankle | 02:54
I know Lake Hartwell. Yep, that's...
Speaker 2 | 02:56
Yes, up in the high country. So we actually got a little place on the lake down there in a couple of Adirondack chairs and sat with our laptops and spent about seven months writing a book.
Then my wife got tired of me, and she was like, "You're no good at this at all." So she kicked me out. We moved to DC, and here I am with you.
Matt Shankle | 03:14
Yeah, well, I think all three of us have connections to DC and South Carolina there. My wife and I got engaged in Charleston.
Speaker 2 | 03:24
Nice. What a great place to get a gay look at you, Mr Romantic.
Matt Shankle | 03:26
Yeah, it was great. I mean, and that was eleven years ago. Now, this is our ten-year wedding anniversary coming up in three months, and then Brad's parents are retired. Yeah, my books every night.
Brad Hunter | 03:38
Yeah, I just got back from Charleston last night at about midnight, flew back. Yeah, my folks have been retired down there for about 16 years.
Matt Shankle | 03:46
I've been there for about 16 years.
Brad Hunter | 03:48
Fantastic place.
Matt Shankle | 03:48
Fantastic place.
Brad Hunter | 03:49
They got a place in Mount Pleasant on the marsh there, and it's just beautiful.
Matt Shankle | 03:49
They got a place in the Mount Pleasant on the marsh there, and it's just a little bit different chapter is going to be in DC.
Brad Hunter | 03:55
You know, 98 degrees is a little bit different temperature than I'm used to in DC. But I think we have that weather coming for us this week, actually.
Matt Shankle | 04:01
But I think we have to us this week hour period when you're like, why do I live in D CD and not in Charleston?
Brad Hunter | 04:03
Yeah, a good little preview for what's to come.
Speaker 2 | 04:07
Yeah. Okay, so, Brad, you're still in that 24-hour period where you're like, "Why do I live in DC again and not in Charleston?"
Brad Hunter | 04:14
Exactly.
Speaker 2 | 04:14
Then after a few days, it wears off and you're like, "Okay, I got a job, whatever I got to..."
Brad Hunter | 04:19
Yeah, I'm busy with kids and life and everything else takes over, but yeah, I'm still like, "Why am I here and not there?"
Matt Shankle | 04:24
Like...
Speaker 2 | 04:26
Yeah, well, my daughter, we're getting ready to go to San Diego. My daughter lives in Coronado on the beach in Coronado, California.
Matt Shankle | 04:31
Wow, that's a bad spot.
Speaker 2 | 04:32
Beautiful. And trust me. Yeah. It takes me about two weeks before I'm like. I get back to DC and I'm like, why do I not live out there? I don't understand why I don't live in Coralta, California.
Like, I'm. I don't understand. I spent like two weeks, and then after a while, like, I give up and just keep going. Yeah.
Matt Shankle | 04:49
Well, thirty minutes is not a lot of time, so I do want to get into things, but yet, Doug, it's...
Speaker 2 | 04:53
Yeah, sorry. Yes, likewise, all.
Matt Shankle | 04:55
It's a pleasure to meet you and just real quick introductions.
So I'm a director here, Pack Agile, and Brad is our CEO. Doug, I did my research on you, so I had a little understanding of your background in the private sector and now what you're doing today at Commerce.
I'm glad Scott connected us because I'm very interested in getting your feedback on this.
Speaker 2 | 05:18
Yeah, great.
Matt Shankle | 05:19
So yeah, so I'll just do a quick introduction here.
So Launchpad, that's just a name I gave it for the time being.
I will say starting off, I do think there's a much broader use case for this. It originally came from my time at US PTO working with product owners to submit essentially their epics. They're big things of work they're going to do for the year.
There's just a lot to be desired with the information that was input into the rally system that they use at US PTO, and I thought that a good use of AI would be to help those individuals create better epics and better business cases for all their work, not just AI, but I've found in these types of conversations, it's good to focus a little bit more narrowly on specific use cases.
If we're trying to pursue some type of pilot, having it really focused... So we recognize that AI and governing AI in federal agencies is an issue. It's hard to do right now. So I wanted to narrow it down a little bit to that.
So Launch Pad, as it stands currently, is trying to solve two problems. The first is just providing an agency with a single point of entry for any AI use cases that anyone within the agency may want to submit for consideration and then provide an easier way for leadership to actually conduct that review and make decisions on which use cases are worth pursuing.
Then the other problem is... Okay, well, if we're going to force everyone to go to a tool to input on this, let's make it as easy as possible for them and actually use AI to help improve the information that they submit.
So that leadership can then compare apples to apples and see things clearly and make good, actionable decisions on good data and good information. So that's what I've tried to do here, and as I log in, I'll just do a little bit of voice.
Speaker 2 | 07:18
Hey, Matt, did the USPTO give you any kind of rundown of what we're already doing here?
Matt Shankle | 07:19
Yeah. Doug.
Speaker 2 | 07:24
Do you have any context for what we're doing in commerce already or not? Just curious what the beta covered.
Matt Shankle | 07:29
Yes. So Scott did not cover a lot of detail.
Speaker 2 | 07:32
Okay, no problem.
Matt Shankle | 07:32
He just mentioned that you all are thinking about this problem.
Speaker 2 | 07:38
Okay, no problem, we can get to later. No problem. I just curious what's kind of in your mind as we were going through this, so.
Matt Shankle | 07:44
Yeah, absolutely. I wanted to try to reserve. Hopefully, I can get through this in ten minutes or so, and we can have a good conversation.
Speaker 2 | 07:51
No worries. Yeah. If you guys can... I can go a little bit longer. If you guys can... So no worries.
Matt Shankle | 07:56
Yeah. We... I can certainly go a little bit longer as well.
So right now, just to pull the hood up a little bit, this is just a standard web app. PostgreSQL database, all server-side calls. Really simple structure by design. I have three roles right now. The idea is that whatever agency we launch this into, we adopt their security policies and their roles so we don't become another source of record for roles.
But for purposes of the prototype, we just have submitter, reviewer, and admin. So I've logged in as the base permission right now, which is a submitter. So a very simple view when you... The submitter will only see use case ideas that are theirs, that are ones that they submitted.
So I do have one that I've worked through already, but I'm going to show you the start of it. This is where the meat of this tool comes in. So at its core, it is a wizard. It's a step-by-step form to fill in information, but it's driven by a large language model to help support...
So right now, that language model is Claude. It's easily changed to the preference of the agency. What it does is it understands the context of the agency. So right now, anything public about USPTO, their objectives, their AI approaches, what they're trying to achieve with AI, all of that I've loaded into the model.
Then I've engineered quite hefty prompts. Imagining that you're a really seasoned product manager and you're providing feedback on the data that's coming in at each step here. So that's really the juice behind it.
What I wanted to do is I wanted to start with a problem. So I'm just going to show you this one step, and then I'll go to a fully fleshed-out form to get the idea. So I'll just start with a very vague idea, and I wanted to use this one particularly because what I've seen is a lot of times people submit solutions that are dressed up as a problem statement.
So that's what I've done here, right? We want an AI chat bot on our website to help the public get answers faster. Well, that's a solution. You haven't defined the problem yet. So part of what the prompt does is it forces the user to take a step back and think through, okay, what is the problem? I understand that this is a potential solution, but what are the problems you're trying to solve?
Initially I had... I call it Scout. USPTO's language model is called Scout, which is why that's here. Just generate a summary. But it does what AI does. It would hallucinate. It would add a bunch of superfluous information.
So here I just changed it to... Let's prompt the user with some questions to try to get some more robust information. So it asks, "Well, what specific questions or tasks are members of the public struggling with right now?"
So it gives some options. We can type our own. Or I can just say, "I've got enough, give me my summary. So I'll just click one, for example, and it'll go down and then it'll think... It'll take that context and it'll ask me another question if I want.
Honestly, I could go on doing that for a while, but I'm just going to say, "You have enough information here, just give me a summary to start with." So what it does is it now takes the information we've provided and it gives a refined problem and user summary, but it doesn't make anything up, so it will show brackets to say, "Here's some good additional information that it would be good to add to this."
So it wants the user to review this. So you see these brackets here. So it doesn't make anything up, but it says that you should provide details on the specific platform or the resource, quantify the number of calls per month or year, the average handle time, and this is all editable.
So if the user says, "Well, unfortunately, I don't have that information," they can just delete it and have this. All right, so that's it. It goes by step. So it starts with the problem and then the idea by starting with the problem is that if it knows enough about the organization, it can read your problem and say, "Hey, very real problem. Other parts of the organization are experiencing this. We actually have some tools in place already that may help you. Have you explored these options?" It could look at your problem statement and say, "Hey, that's a real problem."
I think there's a lower PHI solution here than coming up with some big AI use case could... Here are some recommendations to try before we go down the path of procuring a solution or a new tool, etc.
So we've moved through this and problem and target users proposed solution value, strategic alignment, feasibility, security. How are we going to measure it? So I'm going to exit this for the time being and move forward here.
So you get all the way to the end and you can provide solutions. So AI chat bot here. This is a medium-complex build. It'll help me with the solution all the way through to the end. I'm going to fill out this one last step here, and then I'm going to skip ahead.
All right. So I'm going to say I have enough. Give me the scaffold. So the user can do this pretty quickly. Really, the only limiting factor is the information you have on hand and the time it takes to make the server-side call.
So none of this information is in the browser. It's all going through our PostgreSQL database. It's hitting Claude, bringing it back into the database, then populating it on the screen. That's a data concern that I wanted to build into this.
So a couple of other things that are interesting. So when we get down to strategic alignment, it will actually read and understand the problem, the solution, and make recommendations. So based on the inputs, here's the US PTO priority that this advances. Here's how it aligns with your AI strategy and move forward.
Then we've got some feasibility and security questions. Does this involve PI or other sensitive data? Is this going to materially influence a decision that affects an applicant or an employee? The underlying AI model sourcing is American built, and there's always a human in the loop.
Then I put... I thought this was a little clever of me. Put the idea title in summary at the end, and have the AI automatically generate that for you. So if I'm ready to submit here, it will actually vet readiness for submission, and it should pop up that it's not ready for submission because I haven't filled out the value or the success metrics yet.
So it'll actually read all the information and make targeted recommendations before I ever submit. So here it needs work, and it gives me that feedback. It pulls it all forward, and when I'm ready to submit, I can submit.
But here it's telling me I have five more items to do before submitting. So I won't go through and do all that for you because I want to show you what a reviewer or, in this case, an admin will see. So I'm going to sign out and sign back in as myself here.
So I'm an admin role. But the reviewer and the admin are the same. The only difference is an admin gets these admin tools here. So this is where you'll see all the forms that you're able to see. So all the use cases from an admin.
I've got a lot of sedated use cases here just as examples. But what I want to show you that's interesting is how an executive would make a decision about what they want to look at so they can come and look at all the use cases that have been submitted. They can see an executive summary of them and then the key metrics. How many users does this impact? Are there time savings, cost savings, how complex is it, etc.?
I got this idea from Carmax. Carmax allows you to select multiple vehicles and compare them in a single view. So I can select a couple of these. I'll do two, and then I can go and compare them. So there are a couple of things that it does.
First, I can view them side by side so I can read the executive summary for each, the targeted users, the impact size, the problems, all of these great details that the user submitted, and then the AI based on criteria that we create, gives its own recommendation.
So this says, you should fund the contact center response assistant first. That's lower risk. It's internal. There's an existing pilot baseline. It clears the path to test. So it's really good feedback that can help an executive make a decision.
Then it pulls out gaps and highlights areas of concern. Another thing that you're able to do here within the reviewer, the admin role, is actually view these. So this is as we'll say, this is a submitted one that's for review. The AI is going to read the submission and give me as the reviewer feedback on how it could be improved. It gives me a risk profile here.
Okay, this one uses PII information and then it gives me this scout's read on it. So the proposal is source-grounded multilingual assistant to help the public navigate commerce services. There are clear strengths and gaps.
It recommends that I request more information from the submitter so I can go down here and I can actually use Scalut to draft a message back and send that to the submitter. Then when they log in, they will see an action pop up that says, "Hey, you've received feedback from the person that is assigned to review your information. They want you to clarify USPTO's role in this initiative and how it advances USPTO's mission. Can you please update your submission with that information and resubmit it?"
It keeps that thread of the conversation here, so we both can see that that's really the core functionality of what we're trying to do. I'll show you. There's a couple more things that I think are interesting. Different programs and different agencies may have different requirements for what information to capture.
So I've allowed a very simple toggle on/off feature. So you can see I have a lot toggled off right now just for purposes of the demo. So if we were to really bust this out, I think there are 50 different fields that can be requested information for.
So here this is problem impact, affected system, more severity, the target audience. So you can make that form as complex or as simple as you need, based on whatever your organization's requirements are to review these use cases.
Then there are some dashboards here that... This is all a lot, just demo prototype information for the time being, but I wanted to make sure that you saw the core of what a submitter is able to do. How do they use the form and how they use the AI to refine what their use case is and then how a reviewer and admin can see those responses, provide feedback, and then have some insights on which ones to decide to essentially fund and move forward to a pilot program.
All right, I said twelve minutes, and I'm right at twelve minutes. So I wanted to make sure that we had time at the end to answer any questions that you might have or comments or... Thank you.
Speaker 2 | 20:08
Yeah, you're great, that's great. Yeah, thank you, Matt, for walking through that.
Yeah, a few questions and then maybe just one slightly deeper dive. The first question, I think, is about parent-child relationships.
Matt Shankle | 20:15
The first question I think is about relationships.
Speaker 2 | 20:18
So, in terms of this being something that could be doc-enabled but have separate unique instances for each bureau.
Matt Shankle | 20:18
So in terms of this being, I think, they could be... And have separate unique instances for each bureau.
Speaker 2 | 20:26
So you're talking about the application of policies, et cetera, sort of the customization.
Matt Shankle | 20:27
So you're talking about the application of policies, etc., from the customization.
Speaker 2 | 20:31
Can you talk me kind of through how the system would handle that?
Matt Shankle | 20:31
Can you talk me through how the system was?
Speaker 2 | 20:34
If the system can handle that, how it would handle it, etc.
Matt Shankle | 20:37
Yes, certainly.
So the first way that we do that is we adjust the form fields. So based on whatever the bureau or the agency has that there were made, they have specific requirements that they have to follow that a regulatory that OMB is dictated that the bureau or agency themselves has dictated.
It's very simple to go in and adjust the form to capture that information to intake. The other is really the juice behind it, which is the prompt engineering that we use. So if there are specific requirements that the agency has that are regulatory requirements or legal requirements, congressional agency-specific, we bake that into the prompt.
So at each stage through the problem statement, the value, and the business value, it has that context, and it can prompt the user to submit that information or address that information at the relevant step.
So there are a couple of ways that we can handle that.
Speaker 2 | 21:34
Greaty.
Matt Shankle | 21:35
For the interaction too, just to add on for what we foresee is the interaction between our platform itself and the specific bureau or agency, it's a really lightweight integration layer where the agency points of contact are able to toggle on and off specific features that are relevant to whatever their need is.
Speaker 2 | 21:35
Yeah.
Okay, I think that answers my question. Obviously, you referenced different directives.
Matt Shankle | 22:07
The obviously you referenced in different directions and this is release the first question, which is I'm sure you know.
Speaker 2 | 22:09
This relates to the first question, which is I'm sure, as you know, the White House is very prescriptive about what they expect in terms of information, the format that it's in, field collections, fielddification, column headings, etc.
Matt Shankle | 22:20
Isuel collection, fuel vis columnizing, et cetera.
Speaker 2 | 22:26
Obviously, that you know and that's been coming out on an annual basis.
Matt Shankle | 22:26
Obviously that and that's coming out on an annual basis.
Speaker 2 | 22:29
Obviously, the last one was issued early last fall.
Matt Shankle | 22:30
Obviously, last week in June, early last fall, and we're expecting another one obviously here soon. They're going to try to speed it up and get it out here mid to late summer.
Speaker 2 | 22:32
It'll be we're expecting another one obviously here soon.
I think they're going to try and speed it up and get it out here mid to late summer.
Matt Shankle | 22:38
It's late this summer.
Speaker 2 | 22:39
Do you all get that?
Matt Shankle | 22:40
Are you part of this agreement?
Speaker 2 | 22:41
Are you all sort of a part of that stream, and do you automatically bake all that in?
Matt Shankle | 22:43
Do you automatically pay? And so that are you relying on the agency aid to be doc and Leo is a tool?
Speaker 2 | 22:45
So that's already set in the tool. Are you relying on the agencies? In this case, it would be doc to essentially go into the tool, set those as mandatory for all bureaus, and then provide the ability for each bureau...
Matt Shankle | 22:54
Set those mandatory for all bureaus and then provide the ability for each bureau, let's say, of the 13 bureaus.
Speaker 2 | 23:00
Let's say that each of the 13 bureaus goes in then and adds additional columns.
Matt Shankle | 23:02
Go in there and add additional calls.
Speaker 2 | 23:04
Or for ourselves as a doc to say, "Great, O&B, ask us for these 50 things."
Matt Shankle | 23:04
Or for ourselves as a doc to say, "Great, O&B, ask us for these 50 things."
Speaker 2 | 23:10
But our agency co wants to collect an additional twelve things.
Matt Shankle | 23:10
But our agency wants to collect an additional twelve things.
Speaker 2 | 23:13
These are not up for...
Matt Shankle | 23:14
These are not up for...
Speaker 2 | 23:15
These are not up for...
Matt Shankle | 23:15
These are not up for questions.
Speaker 2 | 23:16
Question: Every bureau here has to provide that, right?
Matt Shankle | 23:17
Every bureau here has to provide that, right?
Speaker 2 | 23:19
So now you've got, let's say, 62 things, 50 of which are mandated by OB, another 12 that are mandated by the co-agency.
Matt Shankle | 23:20
So now let's say 62 things, 50 OB, another 12 co-agency, but then you might have a deputy co at...
Speaker 2 | 23:26
But then you might have a deputy CO at a bureau who says, "I want to tack on another eight things myself, right?" And so this sort of cascading layer of... Can you again talk to me about how that comes through? How much of that work you guys do ahead of time from an O? Because obviously, when OMB puts that out, that's for all agencies, right?
Matt Shankle | 23:38
Can you again kind of talk to me about how that sort of comes through? How much as for all agencies, right?
Speaker 2 | 23:46
That's a one-and-done for the entire federal government.
Matt Shankle | 23:47
That one-done for the entire federal government.
Speaker 2 | 23:49
Is that already baked in or is that something that we have to basically bake in at each of those annual cycles?
Matt Shankle | 23:50
Is that already made ten? Or is that something that we have to basically make? Yes.
So it's a great question. There are a couple of questions in there, so I'm going to do my best to answer each of them. So first, to answer the question about the White House directive specifically, the short answer is no, not yet.
I've been focusing on OMB directives. So there's a lot of OMBM 25-21, yeah, it's baked in there.
Speaker 2 | 24:21
Yeah, that's what I'm referring to. Yeah.
Matt Shankle | 24:24
But as far as executive orders, I think I am familiar with the most recent one. They're removing barriers to American leadership in AI, I think is what it's called.
Speaker 2 | 24:33
No, I'm talking about specifically OMB directives.
Matt Shankle | 24:34
Not that one.
Speaker 2 | 24:37
So they're very... So they send out this thick instruction about AI use case reporting.
Matt Shankle | 24:37
Okay, so... So this instruction about AI use case reporting.
Speaker 2 | 24:44
So AI use case data collection reporting, they send out, you know, they send out a directive.
Matt Shankle | 24:44
So AI use case DA collection reporting, they sent out, you know, they sent out a directive and like last year, they sent out a companion document that was twelve pages long on the specificity of how we had to collect and report that data.
Speaker 2 | 24:49
And then, like last year, they sent out a companion document that was twelve pages long on the specificity of how we had to collect and report that data.
Matt Shankle | 24:59
Yes, so right now the model does have a reference to OMB 25-21.
There's another one that I included in there. I can't remember the title of it right now, but it's about acquisition efficiency in government. I can't remember... I'd have to go back in there and look to see what that is.
Speaker 2 | 25:21
Yeah, I think I was referring to the sort of like 48 odd fields.
Matt Shankle | 25:22
But fields... So they're very prescriptive in terms of "These are the exact questions you're going to have."
Speaker 2 | 25:26
So they're very prescriptive in terms of these are the exact questions you're going to ask. And by the way, this is how you're going to ask that not these aren't open for debate.
Matt Shankle | 25:31
Lu this is how you're going to ask not these are open for debate.
Speaker 2 | 25:36
This is not so.
Matt Shankle | 25:36
This is not so.
Speaker 2 | 25:37
Again, we need AI use case information.
Matt Shankle | 25:37
Again, we need to state that we're not asking you to basically take this and make it your own.
Speaker 2 | 25:39
We're not asking you to basically take this and make it your own. We're being like, "Here are the fields, here are what the fields are called, here's the format for that field that we expected back in."
Matt Shankle | 25:43
We're being like, "Here's what in the fields, here's what the fields are called, here's the format of that field that we expected back yet."
Speaker 2 | 25:49
So that's what I was kind of getting to, which was.
Matt Shankle | 25:49
So that's why it's not getting too much.
Speaker 2 | 25:51
And that and this last year, that was extremely hard to kind of work through this year, we're hoping to get a little bit of clarity.
Matt Shankle | 25:52
This last year that was extremely hard. We got work during this year.
Speaker 2 | 25:58
But certainly they're going to come again with very a very prescribed manner in which to do that.
Matt Shankle | 25:59
But certainly they're going to come again with a very prescribed manner in which to do that.
Speaker 2 | 26:04
And so that's what I think what I was ultimately getting to Matt, was more of that there that I'm getting down to literally the sales specificity of what we have to collect and how we report it back.
Matt Shankle | 26:05
And so that's what I think what I was going to get to now with it's more that there that I. Yes. So sorry. Yeah. So to answer your question, yes, I can't... I don't want to give you an answer on exactly the number if there are 41 of them, but I have considered that I create these fields manually.
Speaker 2 | 26:27
Yeah.
Matt Shankle | 26:27
So things like... Yes, sensitive data AI drive decisions about people the model sourcing those are all questions and fields that come from OMB 25-21 about the specific... The model sourcing particularly is an important one.
Speaker 2 | 26:27
Okay. We know exactly how many there are. Yeah, okay, I think we're narrowing in because they actually don't come from M25-21.
Matt Shankle | 26:46
Is it an American-built model? Does it come from another country?
So certainly... These are locked fields, you'll notice, so some of them are locked. So no one at any level, the bureau, at the doc level would be able to turn these off. Yeah. Okay. Yes, I think we're...
I think we're down again because that actually will come from M25-21.
Speaker 2 | 27:15
They're certainly based on M 2520 1.
Matt Shankle | 27:16
They're certainly based on N 20 5 21, but the specific instructions about here you take inventory cog as a companant employee 05:21.
Speaker 2 | 27:18
But the specific instructions about AI use case inventory come as a companion to M25-21. So it's actually not included in M25-21 just as an AI.
Matt Shankle | 27:24
So it's actually... I think what I was trying to get down to is I think we're still in the thing, but I think we're getting a little closer.
Speaker 2 | 27:28
So that's... I think what I was trying to get down to.
So I think we're still a touch hazy, but I think we're narrowing in on that getting a little closer. Da. Does the system check again?
Matt Shankle | 27:42
Does the system check again?
Speaker 2 | 27:43
So one of the things...
Matt Shankle | 27:43
Soone thanks and the.
Speaker 2 | 27:45
And again, and I can give you a little bit of context for what we've been doing around here.
But does the system automatically as I'm sort of entering a new case, does it automatically check against the existing inventory to find like solutions and or other use cases of potentially to say.
Matt Shankle | 27:59
Essentially to you at adult level but in direction even a certain sort of flag that says you can't move forward with another solution until you've proven...
Speaker 2 | 28:00
And or can doc can we at the DOC level put in direction to basically say a certain sort of a flag that says you can't move forward with another solution until you've proven why this solution over here wouldn't work for your use case, right?
Matt Shankle | 28:14
And why this solution over here wouldn't work for you. You can't right?
Speaker 2 | 28:18
I think what we're trying to right is trying to do that rationalization around that sort of technology and spin rationalization around, you know, essentially twelve of the same use cases.
Matt Shankle | 28:18
I think what you're trying to do that rationalization around that sort of technology and rationalization of you know, talking about a lot of use cases here.
Speaker 2 | 28:27
I can talk to you about some of the work that we've done about aligning use cases here. A Department of Commerce and seeing which ones are alike and seeing across the 13 bureaus, essentially 20 of the same thing, being asked for but being pursued in very different...
Matt Shankle | 28:32
The Department of Commerce is seeing much once they're like...
Seeing across the 13. Bureus, you know, essentially 20 for the same thing, essentially being out for not being pursued in everything, yes.
Speaker 2 | 28:42
That's a very serious concern around here.
Matt Shankle | 28:46
So to answer the first part of your question, yes, it does.
So that's why I wanted to start with the problem first. So if we provide the information about, okay, what technology is available within DOC or whichever bureau is available today, it can look at the problem that the user input and it can say, "Hey, you know this exists, before we move forward, contact this person or have you looked into this?"
So that is built into the code. That functionality is there. It can give feedback on if the use case is good for AI generally. So let's say that it doesn't exist yet, but there are simpler fixes to whatever the problem statement is. Then maybe it's just a process issue that you all need to work out locally. Now the other part of that is another part of the thing that you said is something that is on the roadmap that I've built for it, which is now, let's assume that we've launched Launch Pad out to a cabinet-level agency and we're getting thousands of use cases submitted on a monthly basis, which would be fantastic. Can we categorize them?
And identify similar requests and be able to call that out on the back end when a leader goes in to review them because I think that surfaces a lot of really interesting things. Not only, well, can we solve this seemingly universal issue, but it does give insights to what other opportunities there are for improving, hopefully, the citizen experience with whatever they're interacting with, but certainly within the agency itself, the employee experience, so that functionality is on the roadmap.
Speaker 2 | 30:39
Good.
Matt Shankle | 30:43
But I have not worked on sort of building that logic on the back end yet.
Speaker 2 | 30:47
Yeah.
Matt Shankle | 30:48
But, you know, if there's another conversation we want to have. I can certainly move that well up on my own personal road map.
Yeah.
Speaker 2 | 30:57
How about sort of the sort of integration into other evaluation systems, right?
Matt Shankle | 31:02
Other evaluation systems, right, one is way to production and then you have seeing the role of this sort of handing at the point of production, right?
Speaker 2 | 31:03
So as the use case winds its way into production and then do you guys sort of see the role of this sort of kind of ending at the point of production, right?
So sort of like taking through or in terms of like, you know, obviously there's going to be some very large, very pretty sophisticated systems when it comes to evaluation.
Matt Shankle | 31:11
So certainly. I say 30 more charts. Of point, you know, is that it's going to be some very large very pretty. So.
Speaker 2 | 31:19
You can imagine, especially for us since you know we have NIST here. We have the NIST Casey team, obviously embedded in Commerce.
So maybe just talk to me a little bit about that.
Matt Shankle | 31:29
Yeah. So the beauty of building it with basically these open source tools is that I'm not concerned about our tool's ability to interact with any other system.
It'll be dependent upon that system's ability to be interacted with.
I have just to give you an example, one of the things I really hate giving people another tool to have to use. So I'm very sensitive to that tool fatigue that a lot of people experience, which is why I want to make this as easy as possible. One of the submission options right now is...
So us PTO, for example, uses Rally well, let's get to a position where... Okay, you've submitted your use case, it gets approved. I don't want the user then to have to go into Rally and recreate this business case in the fields and rally.
So there's actually a button that says "export to Rally", so it would automatically populate whatever the right level of... So say it's an epic within Jira or a feature with all the information that they've already provided in this tool.
If that's the tool that the organization wants to use to actually execute the build and the pilot, that's fine. We'll push it over there. To answer your question, I would love this to ultimately become the system of record, not only for the use case submissions themselves.
I understand that there are federal requirements to be a system of record, and I would certainly want to meet those, but to actually manage the pilots themselves, right? Because we submit as part of the package success metrics.
So how can we then take those success metrics that we submitted in the use case and apply them to the pilot and have some type of ongoing supervision of the work? Right, we set a six to twelve month timeline. It was going to reduce call volume by 60%.
Okay, well, we're three months in now. Are we seeing call volume reduction? If we're not seeing call volume reduction, why is that? Is it just not...? We made a hypothesis and it's not doing what we expected it to do.
Well, then we can make an easier decision to say, "Okay, well, let's cut bait and let's redirect the focus on things that we think can impact it." Or there are adjustments that we need to make to the original use case based on what we've learned over the first thirty days of conducting this pilot.
Speaker 2 | 33:54
No.
Matt Shankle | 33:55
So that's ideally, yes. I mean, I think it's almost... I mean, it's extendable to any part of the life cycle. I just like the idea of narrowing it for a pilot because into the day I'd love to bring this in somewhere and get people actually using it and giving me feedback on it from a living perspective.
Speaker 2 | 34:17
Yeah, Matt, from an analytics perspective, I know you showed some flashed up on the screen very quickly.
So I don't know, maybe if you want to jump over that section, but from a... I guess one of the things in particular was so if we've got the right parent-child relationship set up.
Matt Shankle | 34:24
So maybe you want to jump over that. SE but I guess one thing that particular was something if we have right child of leadership set up.
Speaker 2 | 34:35
Let's say that we have the deputy CIOs at each of the bureaus.
Matt Shankle | 34:36
Let's say that what we have the...
Speaker 2 | 34:39
So not the agency CIO here at the DOC level, that's my boss. But we have each of the CIOs at the bureau levels are signing off on... Let's say that they are quote unquote signing off on a... I use cases within their child instance of this right?
Matt Shankle | 34:46
Levels are signing up on... Let's say that they are quote unquote signing off on...
Speaker 2 | 34:54
Can you kind of give me an idea of where.
So. And if we wanted to see if we wanted the transparency to say, okay, I want to look into that particular child and I want to be able to see sort of how many use cases they have, what stage they're at.
Matt Shankle | 34:58
We wanted to see if we wanted the transparency we wanted more precision and I wanted to give to safeguarding. How do you find that and certainly think it's something more production-ready or to start fix as in fact signed up join by the correct people within that child threat and that how would I see that I'm saying that the numbers and the numbers of some of these numbers.
Speaker 2 | 35:08
Certainly if something is in production right or has reached a certain stage, hasn't in fact been signed off on by the correct people within that child right within that bureau. How would I see that sort of...
I mean, obviously the numbers are the numbers some of these numbers. But where would I see that sort of approval authentication data from a DOC level perspective that senior leadership would want to see without having to manage it on a day-by-day basis?
Matt Shankle | 35:25
But where would I see that sort of kind of, approval as education kind of data from a DOC level perspective? The senior leadership went on the sea without having to remain on data by game.
Speaker 2 | 35:38
So it's sort of dispersing responsibility for signing off on it, but having the transparency to see what the activity is around that dispersed decision making.
Matt Shankle | 35:38
It so started this purchasing responsibility for sign.
Yeah. And so you know, I have not put a lot of consideration into if the tool was managed at just at the DOC level. And we have all like say Noah's using it is using it, us PTO's using it. How do we bifurcate between those different classes of organizations?
I mean, I can give you the answer sort of conceptually, but, you know, I don't want to mislead you. I haven't put a lot of thought into that dog, but it's absolutely something that I that I'm gonna think about.
Speaker 2 | 36:21
Okay, yeah, okay, good.
Matt Shankle | 36:23
Yeah.
Speaker 2 | 36:26
All right, I think those are most of my questions.
Matt Shankle | 36:26
All right, that's. Those are most of my question.
Speaker 2 | 36:29
Thank you. That was great.
Brad Hunter | 36:32
I meant you mentioned that you had some things going on, but that we could talk about those later at Doc as it relates potentially to this or other maybe potentially related tools.
Matt Shankle | 36:38
About this later. I agree that SC has comics.
Speaker 2 | 36:46
Yeah, happy to.
Matt Shankle | 36:46
Yeah, happy too.
Speaker 2 | 36:47
Again, just appreciate getting connected up with you guys.
Matt Shankle | 36:48
Again, just a TED up, and you guys might need to... In 30 seconds, and then if you want to spend an hour time on it, if you didn't always get to about and labs on both sides.
Speaker 2 | 36:49
I can give you the 30 seconds, and then if you want to spend a little bit more time now, or we can always schedule a follow-up as time allows on both sides.
But yeah, just real quick.
Matt Shankle | 36:59
But yeah, just real so we do main as that so call this a centralized digital location that ess.
Speaker 2 | 37:00
So we do manage a department-wide AI use case inventory today on something called the AI Hub. It's a centralized digital location that essentially is a single source of truth for the entire AI program across the department.
One of the sort of foundational aspects of that is that AI use case inventory that's out there.
Matt Shankle | 37:18
Story that's out there... We do discuss it through... But we're starting to bear on main things that are constructive in...
Speaker 2 | 37:19
We do it kind of through a means. By where? Sort of each bureau maintains their own kind of use case inventory according to a kind of a construct that we give them.
So they are they for what is provided to us.
Matt Shankle | 37:30
So they come for one thing for certain flexibility in terms of changing that they can certainly have as for themselves and learn whatever.
Speaker 2 | 37:34
They don't have any sort of flexibility in terms of changing that. They can certainly add on other elements for themselves. Manage... However, whatever system they want.
At the end of the day, they come into this system that we have to essentially load and update their information on a continuous basis.
Matt Shankle | 37:43
I think it's the system that we have is... We update the information on... This is up there twice a day and that kind of thing.
Speaker 2 | 37:50
It's updated twice a day. And that's kind of the that's what our senior leadership, our procurement teams, they themselves, the bureaus, OMB and the White House.
Matt Shankle | 37:54
That's their reserve team, they themselves serve back to the White House.
Speaker 2 | 38:00
Obviously, that's what everyone looks at in terms of what the Department of Commerce's AI use case inventory is today.
Matt Shankle | 38:01
Obviously that's what inventory looks at in terms of what the Department of Commerce is or use cases. Inventory today when you can have a sort of single source of troop don't a compet decision to that they it things that again with all due respect, not anything that looks as wonderful as yours and certainly would not be merely a sophisticated or and certainly a picture rigitimate but that the same thing to got to up the same thing sibility.
Speaker 2 | 38:07
As we look at that sort of single source of truth, we built a companion decision tool around it basically and power automate that.
And again, Matt, again, with all due respect, not anything that looks as wonderful as yours and certainly would not be nearly as sophisticated or certainly as feature rich as yours, but we essentially build a decisioning tool that does kind of some of the same basic functionality you're at. It allows when it.
And it really allowed us the flexibility in the Octo office, the CTO's office to pick and choose what we send up to the CIO so we can choose and pay.
Matt Shankle | 38:35
I go... Office. The CTO's office to pick...
Speaker 2 | 38:41
Obviously comes up on a digital screen to the CO where again, we categorically present different...
Matt Shankle | 38:46
Present difference...
Speaker 2 | 38:46
So we have a way of categorizing it for him right and done.
Matt Shankle | 38:46
So we have categorical right enough that he can sort of choose up starting write some summary information right summary these re we.
Speaker 2 | 38:50
He can sort of pick and choose what comes up and same sort of thing. It brings up summary information, right? Summary pieces of information. We go in there and basically put in again, we don't have the sophistication of your system, but allowed us from a CTO perspective to put in our recommendation as regards a decision, etc.
Matt Shankle | 39:06
Recommendation as... With that I think we think you're to...
Speaker 2 | 39:10
We are not in active use with that right now, primarily because I think we currently... The decision is to in fact disperse that decision making at the bureau level to the deputy CIOs, who are closer and let them through their own respective privacy offices and their own respective OGC representatives, etc. Kind of manage that for themselves in their own environments.
Matt Shankle | 39:23
The deputies are closer and let them serve their...
Speaker 2 | 39:34
So a lot of what we're coming back to... But I will tell you this that in I think in all conversations and this is whether the conversations happening at the bureau level or the DOC level as regards technology and solutions like this going forward, there is an appetite and frankly, a strategic direction to start doing these things from a one commerce perspective.
Matt Shankle | 39:46
The government's technology solutions like going over it and frankly direction to start doing from a perspective to be able to do with buckets to our bus you know we intert per a sales.
Speaker 2 | 39:57
It's quite frankly, about the only way we're going to be able to do it. You can imagine with budgets and where budgets are headed. We could get away with it in the past, and everybody would say, "Well, we probably shouldn't be doing it this way. We should all be working together to procure these things."
It's really becoming more of a mandatory step now. Just because bureaus are going to run out of money, everybody's going to run out of money. So the only way you're going to be able to start to do these things is we're all going to have to team up together, quite frankly, and share these things and work together.
So that's where a lot of my questions are coming from. A lot of the questions we're having, especially with our largest vendor partners.
Matt Shankle | 40:30
Together.
So that's where a lot of my questions we're coming from is a lot of most of the we're having especially large V partners.
Speaker 2 | 40:38
I can tell you all the conversations are around this kind of parent child relationship.
Matt Shankle | 40:39
I can tell you all the conversations are around this parent-child relationship, right?
Speaker 2 | 40:43
Right. So how can we work together from an enterprise contract perspective?
Matt Shankle | 40:44
So how can we work together from it itterprise perspective put in place sort of far more bureaus can easily adopt these things to train adopt.
Speaker 2 | 40:47
The foundation that allows our bureaus to easily adopt these things to train, adopt. Some put in place the foundation that allows our bureaus to easily adopt these things, get trained, adopt, adhere to them.
Leverage, obviously, the purchasing power of the commerce, right?
So we can make these things a win, right?
We can do it cost-effectively. You guys can have all of commerce together. Then we can have this ability, functionally and operationally, to allow the bureaus the right kind of autonomy while we can maintain the right kinds of controls, transparency, reporting, oversight, and governance at a commerce level, which is becoming more and more of a...
Matt Shankle | 41:11
Fun to allow.
Speaker 2 | 41:24
Again, something that was kind of a nice to have is becoming less and less of a nice to have and more of a must have.
Matt Shankle | 41:26
That.
Speaker 2 | 41:33
And so that's where just. And so I just share all that with you to say I think this is something we're familiar with.
Matt Shankle | 41:38
We're familiar with...
Speaker 2 | 41:38
Certainly. That's why a lot of my questions were around the OB because we had a heck of a time last year making sense of the direction from OB, translating that into the system that we built for ourselves and then ultimately got going and, by the way, has been a huge success.
Matt Shankle | 41:39
That's because we had a head of the time last year making sense of the direction from OB, translating that into the system that we built for ourselves
and then ultimately really... Any one way, it's been a huge success.
Speaker 2 | 41:55
That's the great news.
Matt Shankle | 41:56
That's a great to it has proven very successful little bit and we had urg manding landhouse POs wholesarily with a system like yours you know you've got you know 20 word level 1.
Speaker 2 | 41:58
It has proven very successful when we've had urgent mandates from the White House. A lot of people have gone racing into that use case to understand what's going on. I think it could work a whole lot better and certainly you could see with a system like yours...
You guys are at level 20, we're at level 1, but so I think we get...
Matt Shankle | 42:17
But so I think it's really helpful to understand the value of what you're doing and the possibility of doing.
Speaker 2 | 42:18
I think it really helps us understand the value of what you're doing. I think understand the possibility of what could be.
But making the connection to how do we streamline.
Matt Shankle | 42:25
I have radio people what's coming down from Moe people, they talk to their Desk Officers on a regular basis.
Speaker 2 | 42:30
I already have a pretty good idea what's coming down from O and B obviously talk to their Desk Officers on a regular basis. And I kind of know what's coming.
Matt Shankle | 42:36
And I kind of know what's coming.
Speaker 2 | 42:37
So translating what's coming from them into a system like this, being able to rapidly deploy that across the department, have transparency, have a follow-up communication, etc., is certainly... You all are...
Matt Shankle | 42:38
So transferring what's coming from them into a system like this and being able to deploy that across the department, have transparency, have follow-up communication, etc., is certainly... You all are...
Speaker 2 | 42:51
I'm sure you know this already, that's why you built it.
Matt Shankle | 42:51
I'm sure you know this.
Speaker 2 | 42:53
You're right in the wheelhouse of what's very valuable to us, but so yeah, so that's the angle that we're coming from.
Matt Shankle | 42:54
You're right to us, but...
So yeah, so that's the angle that we're coming from.
Speaker 2 | 43:01
Brad, I hope that gave you some yeah, no great context, I think.
Brad Hunter | 43:05
Yeah, no, absolutely. And it's kind of changing the model from being a little bit more reactive, like proactive, right?
Matt Shankle | 43:10
Like proive, right?
Brad Hunter | 43:11
So yeah, standardizing everything on the front end through a single tool and then pushing it down versus saying, "We have this thing coming down."
Matt Shankle | 43:11
So standardizing everything on the front.
Brad Hunter | 43:19
Now we have to go collect this information based on these fields, and we're not really sure where they are and what they mean.
You have to collect all that information, pile it up, and then send it forward. So versus standardizing on the front end.
Matt Shankle | 43:33
So the...
Brad Hunter | 43:33
So individuals who are at the bureau level putting that information, and it's all standardized, they all have to submit the same information in the same exact cell requirements, and then boom, you can press a button to collaborate and synthesize that data, roll it up to a dashboard, send it forward as you might, right?
Matt Shankle | 43:34
So individuals who are putting it's all together, you all have to spend the same information in the same exact facility requirements and then to collaborate and synthesize about rolling in the National Board of Sans.
Brad Hunter | 43:55
Yeah. So. I think. Yeah. It make makes sense. I can see that, yeah, until there there's some pain there, but I'm yeah, I'm glad it worked out for you guys, though. At least, you know, it sounds like you figured it out.
Speaker 2 | 44:07
Yeah, and just, I mean, yeah, I mean, the amount of effort that went into it was very inefficient, right?
Matt Shankle | 44:12
It was very efficient, right?
Speaker 2 | 44:13
And it's the flexibility to adapt.
Matt Shankle | 44:13
It's the flexibility to adapt, what happens from year to year.
Speaker 2 | 44:15
Because again, what happens year to year, of course, is O and B will say, two years ago it was here's these thirty columns, and then last year it was here's these fifty columns, right?
Matt Shankle | 44:17
So people say, two years ago it was here's the columns.
And last year, here's these fifty columns of information.
Speaker 2 | 44:25
Of information.
But by the way, some of them were similar but not exactly the same, right?
Matt Shankle | 44:27
But by the way, some of them were similar but not exactly the same.
Speaker 2 | 44:31
So it was like, well, you kind of collected this, but now we're calling it something different.
Matt Shankle | 44:32
It was like, well, you at this now calling is something different.
Speaker 2 | 44:35
So now you need to report it slightly differently.
Matt Shankle | 44:35
And so I can even record it. Slightly different process to have to change a lot and this.
Speaker 2 | 44:37
That causes us to have to change a lot of different things on our side, right?
So this sort of flexible nature... To your point, this is the thing... While a bureau can certainly do whatever they want at the end of the day. Like on those 50 columns. We added... Just so you know, our agent agency came in, my boss came in, and said, "This is great, but there are eight or ten other pieces of information that OBB didn't even ask for that I want to see."
Matt Shankle | 44:56
Is...
Speaker 2 | 45:01
And again, so that all kind of added up to, you know, again, these sort of 58 columns that again, the bureaus do not have a choice. This isn't there's no conversation about this. This is you will you must and you will report on these things, right? Quite frankly, because we're not going back to the White House and saying like, sorry, you can't have this information. You can imagine what that conversation would end up in.
I mean, that's not happening. So I think that's that. But then it becomes what's interesting I think again about your system that and again, you guys are on this which is then our ability to look through it right?
Matt Shankle | 45:32
Which is like for instance what we built that on the day portion.
Speaker 2 | 45:34
Because then what we face is questions like, for instance, what we have... Again, we built out a lot of dashboarding and a lot of powerbis around this, right?
Matt Shankle | 45:42
Well, how the eyes are on this, right? Which is,
Speaker 2 | 45:43
Which is like, okay, well, how many high impact AI use cases are there in production or slated to go into production in the next three months?
Matt Shankle | 45:44
Okay, well, how many of the use cases are there in production or slated to go into production in the next three months, and how many
Speaker 2 | 45:51
And how many of those have a TOS and have been signed off on by their agency? Right? And you see what I mean? And so you get into this and you go like, well, hold on, wait a second. So how do I comb this and do this right?
Matt Shankle | 46:03
Doing kind of put it into a park and obviously running profiling on top of it or some other anti solutions and so but you guys are building obviously this is literally your this is your world, right?
Speaker 2 | 46:03
And so we've been working about know things about putting it into a dataverse and obviously running Copilot on the top of it or some other AI solutions. And so but you know, you guys are building a obviously this is you literally your this is your world, right? This is what you do for a living, so you're going to do it better, faster better than we are.
Matt Shankle | 46:17
This is what you do for... Let me say you're going to do a better, faster, better than we are.
Speaker 2 | 46:21
So this is the, you know, this is the age old, you know, it's always going to be better to buy it from someone like yourselves than it is for us to try and reinvent it, recreate it every year and tweak and modify it and et cetera.
Matt Shankle | 46:22
So it's the thing the a you know, I probably can under buy it from some likes for us to try and reinvent and recreate it every year and tweak it and modify it and et cetera.
Speaker 2 | 46:34
So. But I think I just want to get give you that context, you understand like when we hear when I hear this solution, this is why we're approaching it, right?
Matt Shankle | 46:35
So II just want to. That. Context, do you?
Speaker 2 | 46:42
Yep.
Matt Shankle | 46:43
Yeah, I mean, it sounds like there's a lot of alignment. You know, I wonder because you've brought up questions that I hadn't thought to ask myself yet. Yeah, which I think is really valuable when you're trying to build a product.
So, you know, I wonder if there's an opportunity to spend maybe another sixty minute working session. You know, in another couple of weeks. I know Matt wasn't able to join today. Maybe Matt would want to join or somebody else on your team to talk through more of those.
Speaker 2 | 47:09
Sure.
Matt Shankle | 47:12
It can be commerce-specific, but I think a lot of what we would do specifically for commerce could be applicable across.
Speaker 2 | 47:19
Yeah, I mean, yeah.
Matt Shankle | 47:20
Yeah.
Speaker 2 | 47:20
That's where I was going with this, which is certainly when I'm talking about the ones that are acquired from OB that you know, yeah, that's every federal agency, right?
Matt Shankle | 47:27
That's universal. Yeah, with the safe reporting requirements, direction, etc.
Speaker 2 | 47:29
And we're all going to be operating on the same timeline with the same demands, with the same reporting requirements, direction, et cetera. So yeah, for sure that solved once solves it for everybody and the federal government.
So yeah, I'd be happy. I mean, yeah, like I said, happy to sort of reconnect again.
Matt Shankle | 47:46
Like I said, happy to back again.
Speaker 2 | 47:48
If you guys want to go a little bit deeper.
Matt Shankle | 47:48
You guys go up in deeper.
Speaker 2 | 47:50
I mean, we can help you all.
Matt Shankle | 47:51
We can help you turn.
Speaker 2 | 47:52
And in turn, you can help us all.
Matt Shankle | 47:53
You can have this.
Speaker 2 | 47:53
We get to a point where you know there's something here.
Matt Shankle | 47:53
So we get to a point where you know, there's something where again.
Speaker 2 | 47:56
Great. We're. We're again, we you're an American based company, right?
So we you know, that's we're commerce. So we want to see you all succeed and be very successful and hire more people and create jobs and so on.
Matt Shankle | 48:08
Yeah, and we're a small business too, so we really this is what is the game changer for us, right?
Brad Hunter | 48:08
Win scenarios. Absolutely. No, this was...
Matt Shankle | 48:18
This is how we compete and grow.
Speaker 2 | 48:18
Yeah. Yeah.
Matt Shankle | 48:21
So I guess this will be sort of my sort of path forward here.
Brad Hunter | 48:21
Yeah.
Matt Shankle | 48:27
I'm. I've. I've been taking some notes while you've been talking about some of the things that you're bringing up. And what I'm happy to do is.
I mean, this is my. I've been working on this for the last six months.
Brad Hunter | 48:38
Yeah.
Matt Shankle | 48:38
And so now it's really exciting to start getting it in front of, you know, USBTO and in front of you and start getting the feedback for things that you can't have unless you have the perspective from where you're sitting.
Speaker 2 | 48:43
Two.
Matt Shankle | 48:51
So, I think what's most interesting to me right now is how I can build that layer into the tool that allows us to have some control over what every bureau would do within a cabinet-level agency, but gives them their own ability to tailor and tweak it for themselves as long as they're meeting the requirement that comes from above.
Speaker 2 | 49:13
Yeah, yes.
Matt Shankle | 49:20
Then how can we report on that to the cabinet-level agency, both holistically and by bureau?
Speaker 2 | 49:25
Yeah.
Matt Shankle | 49:27
What insights can we generate from that? Then on the flip side of that, I think you'll appreciate this because I know you come from a customer experience background. Requiring those bureaus to fill out fifty fields minimum.
And I think that's a ballpark fifty fields minimum like on a pretty that's a pain and like that's a ton of. So again, like this is I think a great opportunity. Like, is there a way. Like, if I can learn what those 50 fields are.
Speaker 2 | 49:51
Two.
Matt Shankle | 49:52
Is there a way that we can automate as many of those as possible so that you have bureaus?
Speaker 2 | 49:56
Yes.
Matt Shankle | 49:57
I'm thinking of Ramesh, pay us PTO who does a lot of this. Is there a way when... Let's say he's not even using this tool,
is there a way that he can only update the fields that he needs to update and not have to redo the 50? Or even look at all 50 of them? Or when they submit a new use case, how many of those 50 fields can we automate for them, and I think through the tool is the easiest.
Speaker 2 | 50:21
Yeah. Yeah.
Matt Shankle | 50:22
So, I want to keep going forward with you on this. Yeah, so I'd love to get that next session. I'll send you an email, a follow-up after this, and we scheduled.
Brad Hunter | 50:32
No.
Matt Shankle | 50:34
I think, you know, I may need a couple weeks to sort of think through that and build it out, just to give you all something to respond to and see it.
But I'd love to get to a point where we can figure out and there's probably contracting questions that we'd need to talk through and security questions, et cetera, how we could do like a small pilot maybe at one of the bureaus somewhere like, you know.
I know. You know, maybe Scott and us PTO can is willing to say, okay, we'll, you know, we'll have a couple people at USPTO submit some use cases and we can see how it works on their end and on the dock end.
I mean, that's ideally what I'd love to get to the meantime too, and be to.
Speaker 2 | 51:11
Yeah, that'd be great. That'd be great. Yeah, in the meantime, too, I can... I'll look to... I'm sure if I need to sanitize it a little bit, I probably can, but let me look to...
Matt Shankle | 51:16
I'm not sure if I need to sanitize a little bit. I'm sure I probably can, but let me look too.
Speaker 2 | 51:21
I'm going to go back to the most recent years' instructions that we got from OMB on the use case inventory.
Matt Shankle | 51:22
I'll go back to the most recent year for directly that if we soon... We have David, I won't up too, and hopefully they don't.
Speaker 2 | 51:28
I think that would be instructive for you just to see what kind of direction we get. Like I said, it'll be soon to be outdated. Hopefully, not too much. Hopefully, they don't... I know they're going to try and simplify it.
Matt Shankle | 51:39
I'm not here to try and simplify it.
Speaker 2 | 51:41
That's one of the loud feedbacks they got from all of us over the course of the last year was that you guys made it way too complicated last year.
Matt Shankle | 51:41
And that's one of the feedback we got from all over the course of the last year and posi get.
Speaker 2 | 51:50
So. So we'll see how they change it this year, but at least it'll give you a flavor for kind of what they're doing.
And, you know, at least where we're at, where we find ourselves today.
Matt Shankle | 51:59
Absolutely.
Speaker 2 | 52:00
Yeah, I'll dig that out and share it with you again.
Matt Shankle | 52:01
We want to make this...
Speaker 2 | 52:03
Like I said, if I have to maybe sanitize it a little bit or whatever, but at least...
Matt Shankle | 52:07
Yeah.
Speaker 2 | 52:07
At least, and we're looking at the same thing. You'll know kind of what I'm referencing, and I think it'll help the next conversation.
Matt Shankle | 52:12
And you know, if we get to a point where we are doing a pilot somewhere. I wanted to be, as you know, showtime ready as possible.
Speaker 2 | 52:22
Yeah, it's great. Appreciate it.
Matt Shankle | 52:22
So the more I can do on my end before we get to that point, I'm happy to do that.
So, yeah, absolutely.
Speaker 2 | 52:30
Great, okay, sounds great, thank you.
Matt Shankle | 52:30
All right, so I'll send you an email. Doug, thank you for your time. We'll try to get back together. Maybe mid-July, late July.
Speaker 2 | 52:40
Yeah, I was going to say mid to late July. Yeah, I think I'm... Hold on, let me think.
Yeah, I'm not heading to San Diego until... Yeah, I think actually I'm not flying out until August 1st now.
Matt Shankle | 52:50
August 1st, and I some years on the...
Speaker 2 | 52:51
Yeah, because I have some here in town on the 30th, so that's right. Yeah, I'm sorry, I'm just trying to remember.
Yeah, we... I would have already been in San Diego right now, and I was like, "Why am I not there already?" And I was like, "Yeah, that's right. I have something on the 30th, so..." Yeah, I'm not flying out until...
Yeah, August is a rough month for me, but yeah.
Matt Shankle | 53:07
All right, well, I'll send you an email. Maybe we can look to the week of the 20th.
Brad Hunter | 53:11
Right.
Matt Shankle | 53:11
That should give me enough time to, you know, mock something up. At least prototype it that we can talk about and then, you know, and then we can exchange some emails and maybe figure out next steps because, you know, I admit there's a big barrier here and it is that.
Brad Hunter | 53:24
Two, yeah, sure.
Matt Shankle | 53:27
Well, how do we establish a contract? How do we actually get it to you that we may just want to have some high-level conversations and start thinking through as well?
Brad Hunter | 53:37
And Doug, we are a hub we're we are a hub zone. So there's some easier procurement path there.
Matt Shankle | 53:42
EAs.
Brad Hunter | 53:45
So always helpful but...
Speaker 2 | 53:47
Good to know. Thank you.
Brad Hunter | 53:48
It was great meeting you, Doug. I appreciate the time and the feedback.
Speaker 2 | 53:52
I appreciate you guys. Yeah, absolutely. Matt, have a wonderful trip to Charleston and congratulations on your ten years.
Matt Shankle | 53:59
Ten years, yeah, it goes by quickly.
Speaker 2 | 54:00
Yeah, fantastic. I got 30.
I'm celebrating my 30th this year, so there we go.
Matt Shankle | 54:09
Maybe if we have a 60-minute session next... I can get some of your insights on how to make that successful.
Brad Hunter | 54:13
Got twenty more.
Matt Shankle | 54:14
Because we're in the... We've got a seven-year-old, a five-year-old, and a two-year-old.
Speaker 2 | 54:20
Yeah, I have three kids, yeah.
Matt Shankle | 54:20
So we're like, yeah, we're in the thick of it right now.
Speaker 2 | 54:24
You are in the thick of it. Don't worry about it, enjoy. I enjoy every minute of it. My brother... That sounds good.
Matt Shankle | 54:29
You've been sitting here. I know. My two year old got put down for her nap, and I can hear her screaming. Because I'm, you know, I'm in a, you know, weird. Now I'm in a what was meant to be our closet when we moved into this House inte off of our bedroom.
So anyway, I am looking forward to a time where I can visit my daughter in Coronado.
Speaker 2 | 54:48
Enjoy every minute, that's what I can tell you. Enjoy every minute. Mine was easy, I just... Yeah, absolutely.
Matt Shankle | 54:56
That sounds nice.
Speaker 2 | 54:58
Well, she just like my path was easy. I just married the greatest human being I came across.
So my wife is. Yeah. Yeah, I'm in one of those marriages where people are like, how in the world did you. How did that happen? And I'm like, if I'm not, I'm the greatest sales.
Matt Shankle | 55:16
Many people would say the same about...
Speaker 2 | 55:18
I'm the greatest salesman in the world.
I have no money, and I'm not very good-looking, and I have no talents, but somehow I got hurt and married me. I mean, come on, that's right, I can sell.
Brad Hunter | 55:27
That's right, I love it.
Matt Shankle | 55:29
Well, I won't listen, I try to compete with you on that, but I think my wife probably is going to be up there in that conversation as well.
Brad Hunter | 55:30
That's so funny.
Matt Shankle | 55:38
Yeah, I think.
Speaker 2 | 55:38
I believe you. I hit the lottery in that respect.
Brad Hunter | 55:41
So I'm definitely in that boat for sure.
Matt Shankle | 55:42
Listen, I'll maybe speak for Brad a little bit, too, because I know his wife, Amanda.
I think probably all three of us outkicked our coverage.
Brad Hunter | 55:50
Yeah, we're...
Matt Shankle | 55:51
Yeah, well, listen, I'm...
Brad Hunter | 55:51
Why did you pick this one out of all guys you could have picked?
Speaker 2 | 55:54
We all completely outkicked our coverage. We're all like...
Matt Shankle | 55:58
You may be a good salesman, but I'm a talent scout. Because I met my wife our sophomore year of college, and I... I very quickly was like, "This is the one."
Speaker 2 | 56:06
The stopped awesome.
Matt Shankle | 56:07
I mean, we've been married ten years, but we've been together for 20. Yes, there you go.
Speaker 2 | 56:14
We should join a club. We should start a club in DC. Yeah, outkicked our coverage.
Matt Shankle | 56:18
Well, I live in Rich, but I'm always happy to come up to DC.
Brad Hunter | 56:19
Club.
Matt Shankle | 56:22
So I don't... I don't know if it's... I don't know if it's possible, but if we meet again at the end of July... I'm happy to come up to where you are.
Brad Hunter | 56:30
It in person if we can. That'd be great. That'd bed.
Matt Shankle | 56:32
All right. I'll follow up.
Speaker 2 | 56:34
Thank you so much. Happy...
Brad Hunter | 56:35
July. Happy FOURTHG.
Matt Shankle | 56:36
You too. By.
