Matt Shankle | 00:45
I...
Never add your... By a twelve-year-old nerd and an inhaler. It's been a trend to be like... That's my "why" whenever girls talk about husbands. So I came across this video, and she says...
"I've been with Ryan for two years. He's six-five, has a British accent, retired. My mom buys me flowers every week, and I'm the only girl he follows on social media. If someone said, "Okay, but what's his why?" Have you squirting but just send me the orbit?"
I was like, "Okay, period queen." Then I was like, "My God, how can we feel comfortable posing that?" But then at the same time, I'm just saying, "Thank you."
Where? My...
No one has made this dramatic of a change yet. No one has made in my generation this extreme of a switch.
Yes. I'm so glad that I married a man who was very secure because we just had a conversation that, in retrospect, I'm like, "I don't know if every stray couple has this type of conversation." He's away right now. He's flying home tonight.
But I took Ryan to the beach, and she and I went for a very long walk. I ended up chatting with a bunch of surfers, and there were a bunch of dogs out. We ended up talking for a long time. Really nice. I'm never thinking like, "Are these guys flirting with me?"
Sometimes you can tell people are flirting. This was very friendly and really nice. What? Walk friends back to the parking lot. One of the guys was walking behind me, and he came over and he's like, "Can I have your dog?"
Ended up talking for a minute, and then I said, "Goodbye." I walked back to my car, and at the corner of my eye, I could see him very sweetly. Almost like he was nervous or wanting to say something.
Then I hear him go, "What?" Wait one second. Whatever he said would be okay if I gave you my number. I said, "I smiled and I said, 'I'm sorry I'm married, but I'm so flattered. Thank you for asking.'"
It was really sweet and it made me feel really good. It was a really lovely exchange. I got in the car and I called my husband and I was telling him I was checking in with him about his wife.
But then I was like, "You're never going to believe it." This really...
The reason the economy didn't go into such dire straits is because we needed money to gain all the way through. Cole that when you do it. If you're saying we're paying for it, how are we paying for it? We've got to pay for it in... Why the... The reason our tax take is so high, Phil, is we've got to pay for all the money we pay when the government... The money... How much debt? The reason we're in a trillion pounds worth of debt in parts is the money pays. [Laughter].
Hi, good. How are you?
jonathan.moody | 05:33
Hey, man, how are you? It's pretty good.
Matt Shankle | 05:41
Computers have been not working. Man, I'm not allowed to share. You might have to... It says, "Yeah."
jonathan.moody | 05:49
Can I give you rice?
Matt Shankle | 05:51
Only meeting organizers and presenters can share.
jonathan.moody | 05:57
Okay, how do I give you? Boy, how is that going to work? I'm on my...
Matt Shankle | 06:03
You're on your USB machine. Hit the more actions like the more and then go down.
jonathan.moody | 06:13
Per settings.
Matt Shankle | 06:18
There should be a way to make me a prisoner.
jonathan.moody | 06:25
That way. Actually, let me go on to people.
There we go.
Matt Shankle | 06:43
Nice, thank you.
jonathan.moody | 06:44
Got it. Now he and I have that old PowerPoint that you created before.
Matt Shankle | 06:45
Yes, can you see my screen? Cool.
jonathan.moody | 07:01
It's good because it had timelines and the architecture of it as well, in case you can speak to that.
Matt Shankle | 07:07
Yeah, if we want to yeah, if we want to look at it. I should.
jonathan.moody | 07:15
The only thing is, it's like two months old, but I think, you know, the features have changed, and I.
Matt Shankle | 07:19
Not even some changes.
jonathan.moody | 07:22
Yeah, the features, but not necessarily the architecture and whatnot.
Matt Shankle | 07:32
I've got it up here.
Yeah, this one, some of the features have changed too.
jonathan.moody | 07:47
Actually, I have a more recent one. Let me report it to you.
Matt Shankle | 07:51
Well, this one's from March 20, 2026. I think this is the last time I updated it.
jonathan.moody | 07:56
Okay. I have one. From one more April.
Matt Shankle | 08:02
I don't think it's it changed. It's.
jonathan.moody | 08:06
Maybe a little bit.
Matt Shankle | 08:07
Yeah.
jonathan.moody | 08:11
So you... Are your kids on half days at all this week or next week?
Matt Shankle | 08:16
Yeah, they're in a vacation Bible school this week at church, so they're there from 9 to noon, and then, my oldest daughter has dive team practice every day at 4:45 every day of the week.
So we just... They'll... My wife will take everybody to the pool like 4:00, and... We've got some furniture being delivered. We've got some two chairs re-upholstered. He's supposed to come between 5 and 6, so I don't know if I'll make it over there with him tonight.
But if he gets here early, I'll go over there, and my wife will pack dinner. The kids will eat dinner at the pool. That's pretty much been the move so far in summer because they were in camp last week, but they were out of noon.
So what about yours?
jonathan.moody | 09:18
Yeah, they have half days. It's getting rough with, just like expenses because my wife there's no sibling discount for camps. And we have we're doing the YMCA, which is a great camp. So that's a lot more every week. We just got a new car.
Like, I mean, it's all needed. Just stretches it thin, stretches the budget a bit thinner.
Matt Shankle | 09:38
Yeah, it comes in spurts.
Speaker 3 | 09:45
Yeah.
jonathan.moody | 09:46
But we're happy with the YMCA camp because it's at the local community center. It's outside. They'll go swimming every other day. So it's worth the price for sure.
Matt Shankle | 09:56
Yeah. I think we're doing YMCA camp later this summer or week. Then we've got a health club locally that does summer camps for kids, so we'll do... I think they're doing two different camps there, but yeah, summer's expensive, man, with all the camp stuff.
Speaker 3 | 10:26
Me.
jonathan.moody | 10:29
So I casually I messaged Scott this morning and just kind of suddenly just said, you know, looking forward to this demo later. And then I asked him something unrelated just to make sure he was remembering this, but I'm not sure I need to message it maybe.
Matt Shankle | 10:44
Well, people have been having computer issues today. Scott, "Hey, Scott, how are you?"
jonathan.moody | 10:50
Hey, Scott.
Speaker 3 | 10:51
Hello, sorry for being a couple of minutes late, just jumping from another meeting.
Matt Shankle | 10:56
Yeah, no, I get it, Scott.
jonathan.moody | 10:57
That's sorry.
Matt Shankle | 10:58
I was trying to remember, did you and I ever meet? When I was at U PTO, I was there when Melissa Rummel was the director of TDD. I couldn't remember an instance.
Speaker 3 | 11:12
Yes, I'm not sure.
Matt Shankle | 11:12
I couldn't remember an instance.
Speaker 3 | 11:15
I've been here for, like, almost eleven years.
Matt Shankle | 11:16
Yeah, she went over to the national... What do they call it? The National Endowment for the Arts.
Speaker 3 | 11:17
I've met everybody. Whatever happened to Melissa Rummel?
Matt Shankle | 11:30
She is there like a Deputy CIO. I mean, it's a small agency.
Speaker 3 | 11:36
Yeah, I haven't heard of Melissa for a while, and now I'm starting...
Matt Shankle | 11:38
She actually... So she moved to Charlottesville from Alexandria.
Then the DRP happened, the return to the office happened, and she took the retirement because she wasn't going to be able to return to the office. That was in March of last year, and then March...
So basically, paid vacation. Essentially, what it ultimately became was a paid vacation from March until September, because on October 1st, she went back to her old job with an exemption, so she only has to go up one night every other week.
So it worked out really well for her.
Speaker 3 | 12:24
It's all starting to fall into place as to why it's been a lot.
Matt Shankle | 12:27
No, I agree.
Speaker 3 | 12:29
I mean, it feels like it's been a long year. I'm going to tell you. [Laughter] Yeah.
Matt Shankle | 12:34
There have been a lot of changes this year.
Speaker 3 | 12:36
Yeah, as if we haven't met before.
Matt Shankle | 12:38
All right, well, so you had a good meeting with you, Scott.
Speaker 3 | 12:41
Hello. Nice to see you again, or nice to see you for the first time. [Laughter].
Matt Shankle | 12:48
And so Jonathan gave Jonathan Chris gave me a little background. But you are you do Experience design with Ramesh.
Speaker 3 | 12:56
I mean, I basically do everything. I'm a branch chief. I'm a product owner of multiple products. I've run our biggest AI product right now. You name it, I've probably done it here. My core responsibility, function is, I lead our experience design team.
Yeah, so... But that doesn't mean that's the work that I do, at least currently.
Matt Shankle | 13:23
Okay, well, it'll be great to get your take on this. So I'll jump in here. So my idea for this actually came about from my time at USPTO. Back then, I helped do annual planning, and I would sit with product owners and lead product owners and work through their epics and rally.
Some were really good, but a lot of them just weren't very actionable. They were just copies and pastes from the prior quarter. Not a lot of thought, not a lot of... What is the business value that's being delivered? What are the outcomes that you're trying to achieve with this work?
So I wanted to come up with something that could help make that more robust. Then it morphed into this just through conversations with Jonathan and Chris and some others. The real issue is how we manage all of the AI use cases that are coming in.
This is obviously a broader challenge across the government. You'll... This version that you're seeing is branded for USPTO, but I have other versions of this that are branded for us. S DA, for example, they just had a big OIG finding about shadow AI and how they have no governance around any AI that they're using.
So that's just where this came from. What you're seeing here is the landing page. This is a public landing page. The first step here, obviously, is to log in. So before I log in, just to give you just a little bit of the sort of architectural background. This is just a standard web app.
It's a Next.js front end with a PostgreSQL database server-side APIs. There is an AI element to this. It uses a large language model which is currently called Sonnet. Easy to change. It's just an environment variable, so just wanted to give you that context. Another point that I wanted to make here if we were to bring this into USPTO's environment, I presume we'd be dropping it potentially into it of us.
So just a couple of things change at that point. Postgress becomes RDS, hosting becomes ECS, and the other thing is managing users. I don't want this to be another place to manage users or roles or access. I do have three roles baked into it right now, which is just a submitter role or reviewer role and an admin role.
But what I would want to do is adopt the people organizations business units that you already have and use either your single sign-on, your PIV, or CAT card to sign on and map to your existing IDP groups to the three roles that we have here.
So I don't want... I just want this to be a thin governance layer, not a new source of truth for users. So I just wanted to make that clear. That would certainly be on the roadmap.
Speaker 3 | 16:18
Okay, and then maybe just...
jonathan.moody | 16:21
Scott no, I was just going to provide a bit more context. Scott. But if you have any questions, feel free to jump in.
Speaker 3 | 16:29
I do have an initial question, and I think it's like, "Is this a licensed product? Is it going to be an open-source product that's going to be made available to everybody?" And, like, the. The meat and potatoes is like the integration part.
Like, where do you see this? As far as, like, a fit goes.
Matt Shankle | 16:51
Yeah, so I do have a repo up on git. I could certainly make it open source. I'm not charging any like we're we as a company are not going to charge any license fees to this.
And we're going to do that for our first customer. Two.
Speaker 3 | 17:07
Okay.
Matt Shankle | 17:07
The only thing I would want to make sure is that it worked. I'm hesitant to just make it open source and hand it over because I've been working on this for a while, and I think what we would want is a hand in bringing it into whatever client it is.
So my hope would be three FTE I'd basically need of a full stack engineer. Someone that knows Java really well can help partition it in your cloud environment. Some type of AI prompt engineer. They could work to integrate it with Scout and then I would like to be either a part-time either half-time or full-time owning the rollout of it.
So obviously, this is just a demo prototype that I've built off my own memory of USPTO. There'd be some customization that would need to be done. But yes, I would say between two and three FTE is what we would want, at least for a narrowly scoped MVP like pick a couple of teams, get it in place, get it operational, and then let them use it, give feedback, and then we can make a determination on whether we want to scale it or not.
Speaker 3 | 18:29
Okay, so maybe I do have a follow-up question for you. So you're the idea here is to scale this as a business. That sounds like a rudimentary question.
Matt Shankle | 18:43
Yeah. So the idea would be that yes, we would eventually make this part of our business a product, but we would never... The first couple of customers that take it in we would never charge. It will be yours in perpetuity.
Speaker 3 | 18:51
Okay, so it might be a complexity to that, but I don't think we need to worry about it too much. At this. At this point. So I do want to get the demo. So any code that the government writes so whether it's like integration code or it's front end code and a back end code, it becomes open source immediately. It.
Matt Shankle | 19:17
Zero.
Speaker 3 | 19:17
It has to fall under a CC-zero-one license, so that could add a significant level of complexity as having a government as your first customer, right?
If you're looking for a partner to help build out the platform and make improvements to it.
Matt Shankle | 19:32
Okay, yeah, that's a great point. We would certainly want to look into that.
But yeah, I think that would be a bridge to cross.
Speaker 3 | 19:41
It is for a lot of people. Because as soon as... As soon as a government employee puts their hand on the keyboard and we're paying that person, all that code becomes the government's, the entire US public's property.
So it does get a little bit weird. But anyway. Okay, so maybe let's take a look at the demo.
Matt Shankle | 20:01
Yeah, so I've logged in.
Speaker 3 | 20:01
I already like what I see.
Matt Shankle | 20:03
Yeah, I've logged in as a submitter. So this is a dashboard. The idea was to keep it's pretty lean. So as a submitter, you will only see any use cases that you have submitted yourself and their current status.
So the first thing I'm going to do is actually walk you through creating a new idea. So I've got some seeded existing use cases in here, but I'll show you walking through creating a new one. So at the end of the day, it is a wizard.
So it walks you through step by step. Really, on the back end of this is where the LLM comes into play. So it has... We would want to give it as much context on the organization as possible.
Presumably, we would tie this into Scout in our PTO space. But it essentially acts as a really strong product manager and helps pressure test any of the inputs that the user enters. So I'll show you that. Just a quick example of that.
So I've got a core problem here. So I'm coming from the point of a trademark examining attorney who does similar prior marks across all these different domains. Searches vary, similarities get mixed, etc. We'll say, "This is going to affect more than 500 potential users."
So I could just leave it at that, or I could bring in the LLM to help me review this. So it's going to take the inputs that I just entered. Instead of offering up immediate content which has a tendency to hallucinate, I directed to answer some questions based on what would be more beneficial information to include here and give the user a couple of options.
So here it wants to know what's the typical time cost per application when an attorney performs a manual search across those domains. If you know that information, great. If you don't, you can type in your own content, or you can say, "This is enough. Let's just keep moving forward so the sake of the demo."
I'll just click the first one here so it adds that additional context. It goes and searches more, and then it'll ask me... I could do this forever. I could just... It could keep asking me questions, but I'm saying, "All right, that's enough information. Give me the scaffold."
So what it does now is it creates the beginning of a business use case based on this problem. And what it'll do is it'll add it down here and then I can put it down into my summary. So now it's taken that summary and it's added that down here so it's identified what the problem is and what the target users are. It has made nothing up. What it does is it will create these brackets to where "This would be good information to add if you know it, if you don't know it, you can just delete it."
So I'm not going to go through every step. I have one that's already pre-populated. So you can see. But one thing I'll point out is we actually started on step two. I'm trying to make this as easy as possible for the users. Step one is auto-populated based on your role when you log in, and there are a couple of other sections that the AI does for you, like strategic alignment.
So which PT priorities does this advance? What AI strategy tenets does it advance? It will look at what you've put in and it will make that recommendation for you, and you can either keep the recommendation or you can change it. At the end, it will help you come up with a title and a summary for your use case. As opposed to maybe where you would normally see it at the very beginning and you would come up with it yourself.
I think it's easier if the AI helps come up with that. Any questions on the wizard before I jump out and show you a finished one?
Speaker 3 | 24:12
No. That seems pretty straightforward.
Matt Shankle | 24:13
Okay. All right, so we'll go back here and I've got the same one that's here.
So if I resume it, you'll see that all of the draft information was retained, problem in target users. Here's the proposed solution. What value does this bring to users in the business? Again, strategic alignment, feasibility and security. How are you going to determine success? What's a timeline? Again, the title and then review and submit.
So this is a new screen here so I can run a readiness check. So I've got prompt in there that says, "Hey, here's what a good finished use case looks like." and it's got, I think, 21 points of reference that it reviews against you. 21 points of reference.
It will give you a determination that, "Hey, yes, your use case is ready to be reviewed." Or, "It's good. Good start. Here's where you could improve it." So once we say it's ready to review, we go down here and we've got a couple of things.
So these are just placeholders for the time being. So submit to Governance. If there's an AI Governance Council that reviews these, this could populate a queue for them. If you know via email, if you want to just export this to Rally and create an epic and rally for you to start executing, we can build that with those sort of field linkage.
We can do that for now. We'll just submit it. So it's been submitted. I could download it as a PDF to keep. I could return to my dashboard, start a new idea. So we've submitted that as a user.
So I'll show you one more thing on this screen before I log out and log back in as a different user type. It's this action needed on the dashboard. So this is for something that I have already submitted that has been reviewed by a reviewer, which is in this case me.
So I can view all of the submission criteria and I can actually have a conversation here, has a record on the use case with the person that's reviewing. So the reviewer reviewed it last week and had some feedback for me.
So I can review that feedback. I can go in and I can make those adjustments and I can resubmit it back to the reviewer. So in this case, one of them was the model sourcing. So I can go back in, I can edit my submission, I can go to where that is.
The comment was basically, "We can't have an unknown TBD. We need to know where this AI model sourcing is, if it's American built, if it's open source, US hosted, foreign built or foreign hosted." So I can select that, and then I can go ahead and resubmit it for vetting.
All right, so I'm going to log out here. I'm going to log in as myself. So now you'll see the dashboard is a little bit different. So I'm actually an admin. So an admin has the same ability as... Has the same privileges as a reviewer. A reviewer wouldn't see if they're not... An admin wouldn't see these admin tools here, and they would presumably... This would be a decision for us, PTO would only see submissions related to their business unit. Or even if we want to just limit it to the person right now I see everything.
So you see a lot of the seeded work in here. Before I get down to... I'm going to show you a couple of things. One thing that I really like is the form configuration. So in the wizard you saw 26 fields that could be filled out. Through the wizard, there are actually almost 50 potential fields. We can just turn them on and off as needed.
So if we decide actually on the problem in users, it's really good to understand what the problem severity is. We didn't have that there. We could turn this field on and that would give us another radio option to include. "Hey, this problem is extremely high in whatever the criteria is to determine that."
So we have the flexibility to toggle on and off all of these fields just based on the robustness of the information that we want. Maybe there's a particular executive that when we're talking about value, they'd like to know what the time saving is going to be specifically so we can toggle those on and off. Let me just take a quick break. Any questions so far just on this component?
Speaker 3 | 29:24
No specific question. Well, how did you derive the different questions? Did you derive them yourself, or did we use an existing source?
Matt Shankle | 29:35
Yeah. So the questions were part of my own creation, just understanding my experience and working with products and building business cases. "Hey, here's the information that's good to include."
Then some were inputs from Jonathan, who helped me with some of them. What's important for us to be added in here. So a mix. All right, so here is where I can look at these so I can see the things that were just submitted and things that I'm actively reviewing.
So I can open one of these up and here's Scout read. So this will actually look at the submission and give me some helpful inputs on what's strong about it and what gaps need to be addressed. I can read them. This is obviously a really brief one.
Then I can convert back with the submitter. Here I can write my own feedback. Or again, I can use Scout to help me based on the gaps that it identified. So I can then send and request that, and it'll go back to the submitter in that same landing page that you saw earlier. It'll pop up, and the submitter will have a chance to address these questions. I can approve it from here or just outright reject it if that's what needs to be done.
So you can see there are a couple of statuses submitted but not reviewed in review. If I have questions or the reviewer has questions, and it gets back to the submitter, they need info, I can approve them or reject them. Another neat aspect here is for executives who may need to determine funding. We can compare these side by side in Decision Center.
So these are the executive summaries for two of them, for example. So I can select these two. Maybe I'm thinking, "Okay, these both look great. I can only fund one of them. Which one should I fund?"
So I can look at them side by side. All the fields side by side. Then I can go down to the bottom, and I can generate an executive briefing. So this will actually look at the two side by side and help me make that determination. It'll say...
And this is a large call. So it takes about 20 seconds to return a response, but it'll look at it and say, "Hey, if funding is the concern, this one is more mission-ready. It has less risk. It still impacts over 250 users."
So, this is the one that I think we should do.
All right, so that's the high-level walk-through. I TED to do it really quickly there. We've got five minutes left in the meeting. But yeah, I think the hope is, certainly contractual or other types of considerations to work through.
But I would love to bring this in and help us B2 with the full life cycle of managing these AI use cases.
Speaker 3 | 33:20
Yeah. Is there any reason that you targeted the AI use cases only? This would be my first question, because isn't this to me, this seems like an IT planning tool, right?
Matt Shankle | 33:28
Yes.
Speaker 3 | 33:31
A lot of the features and functionality that you shared could be expanded beyond just AI stuff.
Matt Shankle | 33:37
Yeah. So it absolutely could. And another branch version of this that I'm working on is one that's much more general. You know, the idea and if you read you know, zero to one and any other thing like that. The ideas get specific, narrow the scope.
And I do know that, you know, across government sort of managing AI use cases and. And how do we pick what to fund and build for? How do we measure them is a common concern. So just trying to narrow the scope.
But Scott, you're absolutely right. I mean, I have a much bigger vision in my mind for this and certainly could be a more broadly used tool than just for AI.
jonathan.moody | 34:26
Scott, I can add color to that as well. So I know you're aware of the AI Hub because your team helped design it. Within the Hub is our current use case inventory.
It's just a SharePoint list with a basic intake form.
Matt Shankle | 34:37
This is certainly a...
jonathan.moody | 34:41
But you know, we're starting to push it to its very like boundaries of what we can do with it because, you know, we're being asked to sort of incorporate. More risk management questions, more collaboration between different people and it, you know.
So that's kind of driving why the this was focused on the AI use cases and then the I ideation part of it.
Matt Shankle | 34:55
Why was this focused on the ideation part of it?
jonathan.moody | 35:01
You've been at USPTO for... I think you say eleven years. So there was that IIA Ideation site that was up at the beginning of the year, and then it's defunct, and there's really no solution to that.
Matt Shankle | 35:10
Of the year. And it's the one thing you te long scaling architecture.
jonathan.moody | 35:13
So they're just trying to evolve the use case inventory with a more flexible scaling architecture while providing that ideation piece as well.
Speaker 3 | 35:25
Yeah.
Matt Shankle | 35:25
Yeah, and one thing I didn't show, Scott, is that this is intended to be used as a repository for all of the ideas that have been submitted.
Speaker 3 | 35:37
It would. Is that what you said? Okay, yeah, interesting.
Matt Shankle | 35:40
That would be another feature of this. Y yeah.
Speaker 3 | 35:46
Okay.
Matt Shankle | 35:48
So, I'll caveat it by saying I'm not a designer. So this is just what I thought would look good. The hope would be that we could come in and sit and have some good working sessions on how to improve this and tailor it more. Whether it's the UI, what's important to record in the wizard, how users interact, and what the reviewers see.
But this would be... This code is all done again up in a repo. So I don't think we need to do a whole lot of customization to get to a point where we could actually start testing it with users.
Speaker 3 | 36:26
Yeah. Okay, well, I think I'll have a discussion with Ramash. Just so you guys know, we talked before our planned Friday meeting last week. There are some sticking points that Ramash does have, and it is basically like the time commitment, right from a contract perspective and if the product is actually open source.
Matt Shankle | 36:42
That... Have basically like the profit impact to the open source contract their customers.
Speaker 3 | 36:51
Obviously, I share both of those concerns, but I have even more concerns about us touching open source code and what the implications are of us actually touching them. So yeah, let me circle back with him. I'm going to make a statement.
So this is really cool. Okay. I think that the US PTO you thinking too low level.
Matt Shankle | 37:11
I...
Speaker 3 | 37:14
To be honest, I think what we might want to do is get this into the hands of commerce and shows that the commerce is doing something very similar to this aggregating use cases.
Matt Shankle | 37:19
Get the sense of something.
Speaker 3 | 37:27
There's a guy I think you might want to show this to that might be super interested in it. And the reason that I say that is that if Commerce gets it, then everybody can use it.
Matt Shankle | 37:37
That everybody have your right on the as be significantly more Hmmed.
Speaker 3 | 37:37
Altogether, right? All the bureaus can use it, and it will be significantly more powerful than just us PTO managing our use cases. I feel like our use cases are going to start to decline a little bit because the excitement's starting to dip.
I would fear to stand up the whole tool and then have the actual submission start to decline down to one a month. They're easy to handle.
Matt Shankle | 37:59
Yes, if you are... I would like to make the SW that I have not met Doug and absolutely I would very much appreciate that, Scott.
Speaker 3 | 38:00
Workflow, if you don't mind, I would like to make a connection and see if we can get a meeting set up with our contact over in Commerce. I assume that you haven't met Doug Freeman yet, right?
Matt Shankle | 38:18
And it's you're the first, you know, quote unquote customer I've shown it to. So to hear you say that, it's. It's cool. Is, you know, validating. So I appreciate that.
Speaker 3 | 38:30
No problem. I mean, it looks like pretty good work. I don't have any. Any objections to any of the US. Just say, you know, it. See, it's fine. [Laughter] Simple is always better.
Matt Shankle | 38:37
Okay, good. Yeah, you sent me an email and I can forward the call. I know Doug Freeman. I think it's... Would be in that... I want to... Okay, yeah, that's great. I can follow up. We have a deck that we shared with Ramesh's from March.
Speaker 3 | 38:41
But, yeah, if you have a very small brief or something like that you can send via an email that I can forward over to Doug Freeman. I think we could set up a meeting, and I'd love for you to show this to him because he's doing something that's very similar to this right now, and I think he'd like to see it.
Matt Shankle | 39:07
Some of the visuals have changed.
So let me just update the visuals real quick, and I can share that with you by the end of the day. Yeah, I'll make myself available whenever Doug can meet.
Speaker 3 | 39:14
Yeah, that's fine. Yeah, and then just to close out the loop, I will circle back with Ramash and see what his thoughts are, and then we'll go from there. How about that?
Matt Shankle | 39:27
Yeah, I really appreciate it, Scott, thank you.
Speaker 3 | 39:29
Cool. All right.
Sorry, gents, I got to jump to a 20:00 next.
Matt Shankle | 39:33
Yeah, that's okay, have a great day, bye. All right.
jonathan.moody | 39:39
That work?
Matt Shankle | 39:40
Yeah, it'd be great if you could connect us to somebody out of commerce. I would much prefer that.
jonathan.moody | 39:45
Yeah, that's great. So, man, nice job. You did a good job of selling without being too strong. [Laughter].
Matt Shankle | 39:55
Yeah, I mean, it's the first time I've actually demoed it to anybody, so hopefully by the, you know, if we do end up demoing it to Doug, it'll be.
I'll refine theation a little bit moremm.
jonathan.moody | 40:11
Yeah, had a doc symbol. [Laughter] Good stuff. Yeah, all right.
Matt Shankle | 40:19
Okay. All right, well, thank you all.
jonathan.moody | 40:21
Thanks.
Matt Shankle | 40:51
Tell me you and I both know how this ends. Stop playing games and answer me. Think this one's going to be a lot of fun? You see, I'm going to import Indians, and I'm going to keep importing them.
